#  Files explained 
In this project, all the code are implemented using python, some code are in file format of ipython notebook (suffix .ipynb). Unlike regular python (.py) files, ipython notebooks need to be opened in Jupyter-Notebook or google colab. They can be easily converted to .py file or .pdf file and are much more convenient to show plots and debugging. 
When executing the codes. Please ensure that the current working directory is the same as this .md file. 
## File "Project_Report.pdf"
The pdf of the final report of our project
## File "Summary_Plots.ipynb"
The ipython notebook that collects statistical data generated by the test files stored in the "obj" directory and  generate meaning for analysis and plots. 
## Files "*_tests.ipynb"
ipython notebook files that run the tests and record statistical data of the 6 benchmark neural networks.
\* is the name of the benchmark neural networks. 
The output data of the test files are dumped into the "obj" directory using "pickle" library. 
Note that transfer rate is only measured in for robustVGG16, VGG16 and regularCNN. 
Note that average pixel modified for pixel_fuzz is measured in "vgg16_tests.ipynb"
Note that only "vgg16_tests.ipynb" is commented, the tests on other benchmarks has the similar code as vgg16_tests, Please refer to this file for understanding the code. 
## Directory "helper"
Contains helper.py, contains helper functions helping plot the image and save computed data. 
## Directory "methods"
Contains 3 .py files that implement some of the adversarial  attack methods we test/propose.
Note that some other attacking methods are implemented by the "cleverhans" library, Use "pip install cleverhans" to install them. 
Note that for random_fuzz and pixel_fuzz, the .py files only contains the function for the fuzz step, the GENERATE_ADVERSARIAL  function in the report are realized by the loops in the tests files. 
## Directory "Models"
Contains the ipython notebook files that build and train the 6 benchmarks networks. You can also see architecture and the accuracy of each model in these files.
Contains the stored network in .h5 files. 
The trained network are stored in .h5 files to be used by the other codes. 
## Directory "obj"
Contains the output data of the test files. Allows the data to be reused by other Summary_Plots.ipynb

